DOCAPI-7062: MySQL database engine and MergeTree TTL docs. EN review, RU translation (#6407)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/table_engines/mergetree.md

For descriptions of request parameters, see the [request description](../../query_language/create.md).

> **Query Clauses**

Reviewer: why these are not real headers?

Author: I didn't see any practical sence to express this elements as headers, and I don't see it  now :-), but I'll do.

Reviewer: Let's just never use this header-like bold and make them small enough `###`.
If it'll be too noisy in ToC or look weird, we'll just fix that.

Determines the lifetime of values.

> The `TTL` clause can be set for the whole table and for each individual column. If both `TTL` are set, ClickHouse uses that `TTL` which exires before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TTL` clause can be set for the whole table and for each individual column. If both `TTL` are set, ClickHouse uses that `TTL` which expires earlier.
```

> The table must have the column in the [Date](../../data_types/date.md) or [DateTime](../../data_types/datetime.md) data type. To define lifetime of data, use operations on this time column, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table must have the column in the [Date](../../data_types/date.md) or [DateTime](../../data_types/datetime.md) data type. To define the lifetime of data, use operations on this time column, for example:
```
